Haskell CGI/FastCGI program for manipulating Linux cgroups.

You need to set the variable "config" in Main.hs to the root of your
cgroup filesystem.

Valid parameters and values:
  The "command" parameter specifies the action to take. Its value can be
  "createcg", "movepid", or "listpids".

  For "createcg", there must be a parameter "cgroup", whose value is the
  name of the cgroup to create. Only POST is allowed.

  For "movepid", there must be a parameter "pid" whose value is the pid
  to move, and "cgroup", whose value is the name of the cgroup to move
  it into. Only POST is allowed.

  For "listpids", there must be a parameter "cgroup", whose value is the
  name of the cgroup to list. Only HEAD and GET are allowed. A
  space-separated list of pids is returned in the response.

Required Haskell packages:
  mtl, directory, deepseq, exceptions, fastcgi (and libfcgi-dev installed)

Caveats:
  1. Creating a new cgroup doesn't set cpuset.cpus and cpuset.mems,
     which makes it impossible to move tasks into it. That is, "movepid"
     fails on new cgroups until these are manually set outside of the
     program. It wouldn't be hard to implement the parameter setting
     functionality.
  2. Obviously the program needs appropriate permission to access the
     cgroup filesystem. As a CGI module, Apache runs it as "www-data"
     (at least on Debian), so probably you would want to do something
     like
       chown cgroup:www-data cgroup-server
       chmod 4750 cgroup-server
     assuming the cgroup filesystem is owned by the user "cgroup" and
     the binary is called "cgroup-server". Running the program as
     FastCGI may make this unnecessary depending on how you start it.
     Related to this, "createcgroup" can create directories that aren't
     cgroups, if the argument isn't underneath an existing cgroup
     hierarchy. This could be prevented through permissions, or by
     additional checks in the program.
  3. No authentication is performed. This could probably be done in the
     server instead of this program, although doing it in the program
     would allow finer-grained control.

Tested as CGI and FastCGI under Apache 2.4.10 on Debian, using mod_cgid
and mod_fastcgi.
